Venezuela is in crisis mode there's no
doubt there's no ability to turn this
ship around and it will end in a much
worse situation South America seems to
be entrenched in a contagion as even
Brazil and other countries have their
own issues that seem to have escalated
recently the clock is ticking you came
here for the truth today I'm going to
talk about Venezuela I also mention
Brazil and why this is very important I
Do cover this often so I'm going to try
to move through this video as quick as
possible and at the end stay tuned
because I'm going to give you the
solution let's look at this right away
very quick I don't want to cover all the
Articles everything because it's just
too much and I Do cover it frequently
Venezuela quell's attack on the military
base to killed so right here the
Venezuelan authorities quelled an attack
on a military base near the city of
Valencia by soldiers and armed civilians
on Sunday killing two of them in a
dramatic escalation of unrest in the
protest convulsed American Nation it's
not just Venezuela but they are
suffering to a great degree at this time
you could see the hyperinflation you
could see the people fleeing the people
from Venezuela they're going to Colombia
they're going to Trinidad and Tobago
they're basically going anywhere they
can in search of work they're in search
of safety they're trying to get away
that's what's going on right now this is
a real takedown you can see that the
factions have formed you can see that
there is a civil war going on within the
country the people against the milit
milary the military is trying to faction
off or at least a small section it seems
according to these articles anyway I
don't know what's true I don't know
what's propaganda but I know that it is
in a mess right now it's in an absolute
mess that's something that we can't deny
Venezuelan forces arrest seven men after
terrorist attack quote on military base
and hundreds take to the streets in
support the uprising against the
president all I know is that people are
suffering in the country right now you
can see that there are significant
lineups there are shortages of some
products people are unable to get the
things that they need so they're taking
to the streets whether you like it or
not that's what's happening so there are
protests that are taking place there are
demonstrations and things are getting
really really hot attack took place in
the early hours on Sunday at a base in
the city of Valencia residents said to
her they they heard gunfire the
government said the attack was carried
out by civilians in military uniforms
and what they're trying to say is this
isn't the military that's doing so we
have you know to uphold um our strength
the the military is good the military is
strong they support Maduro everything
else I don't know maybe maybe not
looking at
this Pro and anti-government factions
dug themselves further into their
trenches Monday amid Venezuela's
deepening political crisis with each
side staking a claim to the powers
granted them by the dueling National
assemblies the government is in a mess
right now because they appointed this
new assembly which is just
destroying individual Li Liberty and it
is upsetting a lot of people you know
there is a government that's there and
it's almost insignificant who cares
about the government who cares about all
of their uh ideas and their legality no
that's that doesn't matter let's just
absolve that portion of the government
you don't do anything any longer and we
have this new assembly which happens to
be maduro's son and wife and others
friends of those and they will be the
ones to decide what will happen to the
future of Venezuela it's getting worse
that's all I can tell you know there's a
lot of suggestion that things are
turning around and and maybe you know
this can help out and this and that and
that there aren't so many lineups for
food and and everything I see the
conditions worsening that's the way I
see it so whether or not it's coming
from external factors from internal I
just want to know the end result and
that is people are
suffering except for a few of course
Chavez family maduro's family Maduro has
expanded the military political power
even further giving them control of key
sectors of the economy check this out
such as food importation he also
rewarded Soldiers with pay raises and
bonuses that are the Envy of civilians
struggling amid triple digit inflation
and widespread shortages so that's what
people are dealing with at the same time
he's basically saying you are going to
get raises you're going to get
everything that you need because I need
some protection so you are going to be
taken care of it gets into more over
here just talking about the Loyalty of
the military that's what they need right
now or else maduro's in big trouble they
will have a coup they will overthrow the
government they can't have that so he's
making sure their well taken care
of um this is talking about the attack
here at around the same time a military
base was attacked in the state of kabobo
near the capital karakas an assault that
the government said it had repelled but
not before some of the asants made off
with weapons this is what they said we
declare ourselves legitimate Rebellion
United more than ever within the Valiant
state of Venezuela to disavow the
murderous
of Nicholas Maduro a military man
said we don't know if this is part of
the military we don't know if this is
civilians and military clothing all I
know is that there's an uprising going
on the people are taking to the streets
and they're not happy let's look at this
moving on to Brazil 3500 Brazilian
soldiers enter Rio slums amid violence
Spike and that's not all because last
week it says right here 8500 soldiers
were deployed in real to fight organized
crime gangs which control many of the
city slums I just read that you know
people made a wrong turn some tourists
British tourists in fact made a wrong
turn into one of the favellas and they
were killed shot killed and that's just
the way it is there's a so much crime
that has happened and it's all or
escalated since the World Cup or or the
you know I think there was a soccer or
Olympics or whatever was that was
happening there and that upset a lot of
the people in Brazil because they said
look you're supposed to be giving me the
money we're poor why are you spending
billions of dollars on all of this and
instead of giving it to the people who
really need it the most and of course
that never works like that never ever
does it work like that then you read
about this story here in Rio office
workers office workers join the ranks of
the homeless I read through this article
here and basically this guy he was your
office manager he was in Human Resources
Director in fact
and here he was having a nice job and
ultimately got laid off ended up
homeless and he's living on the streets
he what he does is he wears these sort
of dirty clothing so that nobody bugs
him and then uh at some point he will go
into public restrooms he'll be able to
change he'll be able to shave his face
whatever he needs to do clean up a
little bit and then he puts on his
proper clothing look looks very
presentable and goes off and tries to do
you know basically get his life back in
order and this is just one of many you
see this not just in Brazil but you see
that going on in many cities around the
world where people are living sort of
two lives and they're trying to keep up
with everything you know rents are
rising housing prices are rising Energy
prices food prices and everything else
but wages they're not Rising the
inflation unfortunately isn't in our
wages and that is a very very clear fact
it's not keeping up with what we have to
spend and you could see that happening
in Brazil you can see that with what's
happening in in Venezuela as well so
that's it for the video except for the
solution what do people do what should
you do you live in Chicago you live in
New York you live in Toronto and
Vancouver and everywhere else around the
world what should you do well the number
one the most important thing is to take
care of your food security and that
means having storable food number one
now what's storable food like I don't
want to have freeze dried food I don't
want to go to the space and Mars and
everything else okay I don't want that
garbage okay it's a waste of money I
don't want to eat that and you hear all
these silly complaints well what about
having many large bags of rice stores
for a long period of time if you keep it
in the right place it's something that
you will consume regularly you don't
have to worry about it that's one thing
you can do okay there so there's one tip
but I also want to check you to check
out one yard Revolution this guy is a
legend in his own
way very important and this is why many
people will say they'll deny it right
off the top of my head off top of their
heads you can't grow food when you live
in a Northern climate well one yard
Revolution shows you how to do that look
full snow and he is growing so much food
you have no idea all these green houses
which are just simply he built them
himself do-it-yourself type of green
houses successfully growing food in
Chicago freezing cold weather throughout
the year he's growing that you can also
check out something called Four Season
Harvest that's a book and you can also
there's information on YouTube about it
as well but one yard Revolution does it
so simple and I really respect the guy
you can check that out um just go to
YouTube and find out for yourself food
is important he teaches you all the
techniques of how to grow more food
specifically Within These cold type
environments using the um green houses
how to build them everything else you
can do that you can also see John Ker's
work um his uh growing Your Greens if
you just type in growing Your Greens you
get some other information but I spe
specifically for this purpose one yard
Revolution is what you have to check out
do not skimp do not try to get away from
this do not take this lightly the food
is the most important thing look at the
lineups that have been created in
Venezuela because of this what about
food inflation if your food to becomes
too expensive and suddenly you don't
have that disposable income you used to
because all your money is going to food
well then you may have to start cutting
back on certain types of food and
everything else why not grow really good
quality food in your own backyard you
could do that this is fairly standard
size backyard he lives in a you know
suburban area looks like and he's
growing his own food there and he's
doing a good job of it you can do that
too if you don't have the room because
you live in a condo or something like
this you always have your balcony which
you can grow some type of food there you
can do Sprouts on your counter you going
to get an arrow Garden inside your house
and while that may not be able to feed a
family hold you know it makes a
difference even just a small difference
maybe the difference between life and
death if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative so check these books
out at Amazon the links are in the
description below where you can flip
through the books take care